docs: document renderer (#449) (#469)
cmudig/draco2: docs/api/renderer.md

<!-- #region -->

# Renderer

> The renderer was designed with extensibility in mind and allows for the creation of custom renderers for different

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The renderer was designed with extensibility in mind and allows you to create custom renderers for different
```
